# Video Solicitado Wr6n_zNKvMk

This is Philip. He gave up a high-paying job and tech to start a garbage collection business. Last year he lost $150,000. So Philip was a wife and a kid and another baby on the way. And if he doesn't fix the business panel fast, he'll put that growing family at risk. Hi, my name's Philip. I'm the owner of Garby Disposal Services. We do residential trash, recycling and yard waste collection. Our revenue is $642,000. Our net profit is negative $1,000. That's the wrong side. It is on the wrong side. All right. Our net margins are negative 23%. We've been in business for a little under two years and we currently serve 25 hundred customers. So what's the problem? We need to become profitable. We're not utilizing our assets enough. Trash is a very capital intensive business. One of our truck is a half utilization. Routes are not super efficient. We've had lots of unexpected repairs. We need more leads. Scale up our door-to-door efforts. We need to scale up our meta-ads' efforts profitably, though. And we need more conversions on the HOA side and we need to increase our route efficiency. So a lot of things we need to do. So many things. Why is solving this important? What happens if you don't solve this? I'm definitely the thick of my rocky cutscene right now where I left my high-paying job at Amazon as a software engineer to start this because I thought it was a great opportunity. And I have been working 16 hours a day, seven days a week, for the past few years, with really little to nothing actually negative to show for it. And I have a wife and a child at home. And my wife is actually doing the next six weeks, which props to me. So I need to make sure that I'm able to provide for her and my daughter and the new baby, especially as, you know, my wife won't be able to work. Oh, it's really crucial that we figure this thing out sooner rather than later. And think we're really close because by my estimations, we 3,000 customers are going to be that critical mass point or we're just going to start to make some money. So here's my promise to, which I don't normally do. By the time you leave, you'll feel absolutely clear on what you need to do in order to be profitable. All right, so I'll stay as long as it takes to make sure that you're good. All right. Okay. All right. So who do you help? Yeah. So we have two types of avatars, 50% or what we call scatter, the other 30% are HOAs. And there's two different types of sales processes for these two types of customers. Yeah. What's the, is there a difference in like home value or income in the scatter versus HOAs? Are HOAs 10, do they tend to be nicer than the other ones? We've had some HOAs that are lower income for sure. And then we have some scatter customers that are much higher income. That scatter group is thinking about switching to be an HOA. So yeah, typically it does correlate with income. The HOAs are higher income. In general, right. I think there's going to be a big strategic decision that we're going to have to make that you're probably not expecting. And it's around, it's around who the avatar is. So we'll talk more about that. The second thing is going to be how you acquire them. So how do you help them? Okay. So we have two different types of services for two different customers. So our scatter customers have once weekly trash recycling and yard waste collection. Most don't have an existing contract. So we can just get them set up and start service even next week, but typically the beginning of the month is what we do. Then our HOAs have two service options there. So they can either have once or twice weekly trash collection. Most of them opt for the twice week trash collection. Yeah. 80%. So they're on three or five year contracts usually. And so we wait for the end of those contracts for us to be able to bid. Do you reach out to find out when the end of their contracts are and then you just have put them in a calendar basic Excel spreadsheet? Yep. Yep. Yep. So once those are up for a bid, then we start to, then we just calculate the price and everything and then we often the low bid will win unfortunately. That's what I want to talk to you about. Yeah. So we'll get, okay, let me ask one more question about the slide before, which is who do you help? So of homes in your area, do you know what percentage of them are scatter versus kind of like contained within HOAs and kind of off the basically off the board until they come up? In my service area, there's a very large majority that are HOAs. Okay. Yeah. That is interesting. Any idea what percentage? I don't know, but I can just see it on a map. Just if you guesstimate it for me, it's fun. 70%. 70. Okay. Okay. Are there a lot of other competing trash services on the scatter side? There's one big one that's really causing us to reduce a lot of our prices right now. Yeah. We're going to, we're going to, we'll we'll deal with that. Okay. Got it. Okay. Let's keep going. So give me the money stuff. How do you make money? So for our scatter customers, we charge $29.67 a month, which is built quarterly at $89 and as an intro offer, we offer three months free. That's not all in one go. Let's just on the third, excuse me, second, third and fourth invoice. Yeah. And for our HOA customers, it varies pretty widely. It really depends on, you know, the home type, whether it's a town home or single family home, single family home with a lot of families are going to produce a lot more trash. And then we have to pay that at the landfill. And so it also varies depending on the number of units as well as the proximity to our current route. And they're actually all on a monthly billing schedule. But the scatter ones are on a monthly billing schedule, too, right? No, they're built quarterly. Excuse me. Got it. Got it. Okay. Yeah. You price, you price monthly. I got it. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Cool. Okay. So how do you get customers? We have four different channels, through which we get customers. So we have door to door. And I currently go and do about 300 a week, I knock off 300 doors. And my clothes raise right around 26% and we hired. What's your door open, right? Door open rate was, I don't have that ready. Just rough. I believe it was around 30%. Is it really? Yeah. So you knock on 12 doors, you get a sale? Yeah. So chill. You can just like, you're like, Hey, I got to get lunch. You're like, give me two seconds. Just like knock on 12 doors, you buy lunch. I'm not the best sales guy. But yeah, I mean, I can even sell. So. Okay. Yeah. Okay. There's, there's some things that we're going to do on the offer. That thing's going to help us out. But okay. So door to door, $50 commission per shell. That's what you're paying your current sales guy. Yes. Exactly. And he recently started with us three weeks ago. Got it. And he's how many deals does he do in a day? So he's been getting better and better. But right now he averages right around five. Five a day. It's not a bad. It's not a bad gig. And he'll just keep getting better. Right. Yes. Like yesterday, he got seven. It's awesome. Yeah. That's good. That's really good. That's very exciting. Okay. Now, you pay him 50. And he's collecting less than 50. No, he'll, he's a contractor. So he gets all the 50. No, no, as in for what he's like, he's collecting less than 50, but you pay him 50 for getting the sale. He collects the 89 for the first invoice. Okay. For the first three quarter or for the first three months. Yep. Okay. You said that it was, you said it was month two, three, four is where they're getting their free month. The quarter two, three, four. So they get one month on quarter two, quarter three and quarter four. Got it. Yeah. Understood. Okay. That's fine. Okay. So let's walk through this. So I understand the D to D. Do you have percentage breaks down on these between which ones? What in terms of how many are coming from door to door? How many coming from pay to ads coming from outreach? How many coming from referrals? No, I don't have those numbers. Rough estimate. Yeah. I mean, recently I'd say 50 percent have been coming from door to door because I've really been paying quite literally. Yeah. And then we leave cards there and stuff and then people will sign up. Yeah. I did see your door hanger got 1.2 percent. Yeah. Super interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's, okay. We'll keep going. Okay. So pay to ads. You're spending 600 a month. Yep. Yeah. We have meta ads. We run 600 a month against us HOA and scatter customers, but they're marketing. We're targeting scatter customers and we also do cold outreach, so cold email exhaust that list pretty quickly. And then I also have started doing in the past six months handwritten letters to 100 percent numbers. Yep. 100 percent. And then we also have referrals for our scatter customers and though for each referral, they get one free month of service. So I'll just say this right now, if you have call it 500 HOA, which represents 70 percent of the market, it's not a cold email play. So that's where it's the handwritten card, personal gift, drive up. It's like you have 365 days. It's like go to 2 a day. You know what I mean? And obviously you're going to have the ones that are due, you know, with their own whatever the renewal is. And so even if they're on three or three or cycles, 500 divided by three, so it's 150. So you go to one every other day where you decide to do one day a week or you visit seven. And it's like you are 100 percent up to date if you just did that. Yeah, I think there's some, there's opportunity there. Okay. So and then referrals? Yeah, referrals for our scatter customers. When they refer their neighbor successfully, they get one free month of service. We also fast track them after they get 10 referrals. And we just give them a free year at that point. Cool. Does that get a lot of people? Not as many as I'd like. I don't think I've been good enough about nurturing. Yeah. But I have ideas. So how many do you help? What's your sales velocity per month? Okay. Yeah. So we get total average leads is 217 per month. We close about 72 of them, which is a 33 percent close rate. And is that when you see leads there, is that from meta primarily? A lot of them are organic. So they'll see our cans. And then yeah. And do you have like QR codes and things only cans? No, we don't. Interesting. That's interesting. Well, yeah. But yeah, they'll see our cans throughout their neighborhood. And we're like, everyone's switching to your service. So I might as well switch to. Yeah. They yeah, that's they just call it. And so our average run for HOAs is usually two leads. And you provide the bins? We do. Yeah. Do you have a specific color? Do they have to be a certain color? Yeah. I think it helps with our branding. No, so they do have to be a certain color. So they can provide their own if they want. Okay. Most people just want them. Okay. And so we provide, we provide a trash and recycling container. All right. I have so many ideas. Average per month, you get two HOA leads. You close half your HOA leads. That's great. And those are someone inbound or is that from the outbound efforts you're doing? Yeah, those will start with the outbound and then we oftentimes I'll reach a property manager or community manager rather. And then they'll say, hey, not interested right now. And they'll reach out later. Got it. Okay, heard. So you've got a thousand scatter, 13 HOAs, 2500 doors. Okay. Let me give me all the other numbers unless you think there's anything that's important here. HOA customers more likely to convert inspiration somewhere. Okay. Just that our churn is super low. But I think that that might change if we increase prices because we haven't been as aggressive for increasing risk. Yeah. I got you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Cause I do have a bunch of questions on gross margin life numbers profit in churn. Yep. Yeah. So our revenue is 6420 as mentioned earlier, negative 151, gross margin 8%, net margin negative 23. So how is your gross margin seems off? Yeah. So how is that? How is it 8%? Cause it can't cut like if you're charging $29 a month, it's not costing you $26 per month for each incremental ad. So that was this past year and this past year was rough with repairs? Yeah, the 100,000 Yeah. Just for one truck. Like that's not even all the trucks. Like it was pretty excessive. Roodle. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So blending hack of $67 with a blended LTV of $1300. And is LTV like like live from revenue or gross margin? Gross margin. Okay. Okay. That feels better. What's the annual retention? We're monthly churn. Either right? It's 0.4%. Nice. Nice. Sick. That's really good. Okay. So and then you've got marketing at $1,000 a month. Is that you that includes door to door? Yes. Marketing with door to door. That's actually we since we just started that guy that's going to be increasing the way we're more obvious. So if you close in seven, that's three, you know, that's 350 right there. Okay. Exactly. What else you got? So our numbers by customer type. So 50, 50 for our revenue. So 300,000 more are HOAs and then we have a pack of $1200 with an LTV of $23,000 and an LTV to be a pack of $18,000 to $1,000. And our gross margins on this are 23% and we have a total of 13 of these customers. And the reason the gross margins are off there compared to what was last year is because I'm going based on, you know, backing out some of those costs that are one off. One off costs. And then for the scatter, we have 300,000 revenue and a pack of $51 and LTV of 1,000, 21 to 1 LTV to pack and gross margin of 26 to 40% and the reason I did that range there is because right now it's at 26. But once we get efficiency, we're very easily going to get to 40. Yeah. Yeah. You can also raise prices a couple of dollars. It's like, oh, look, we go 10 percent. We had three bucks. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Let me see the ads. So we have a total ad spend as $7,500 with a cost per click of $2.12 and total clicks of $3,500 with total sales of $153 and a pack of $51.63 with an LTV of 1,000 just for the other ones and then LTV to pack up $20,000. We'll stop you from just spending $70,000. A lot of it is our cost per lead goes like crazy, crazy high because it's such a small area we're marketing towards. That's how you want. When I was doing it, I could be doing it wrong, but it was just it was doing a lot of stuff right. I feel like I'm doing everything wrong. No, you're good. We'll get there. Okay. So meds, I got this, these numbers are good though. You're saying that it's Kyrox and after a certain point, we'll deal with that. Do you have any other metrics or creatives to show? I have a cold outreach. It's kind of skewed a little bit because it's so low for our cost per lead because it's all public data, but this is for email as well as the direct mail. You're just not valuing your time because you're the one doing it. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. Okay. Yep. So yeah, I mean $12,000 to be $700 to one. Yeah, let's do more than that. Yeah, it only costs you $174 to make $12,000. Yeah. And you got nine more choice in the pipeline. We do. Yeah. A lot of them seem very interested. If you close half what happens to the business? The business rose substantially. Yeah. Okay. This sounds chill. That sounds pretty good. Okay. You know, so it's really interesting about your business is that we have two key decisions that we have to make. Decision number one is what avatar we're going to focus on. Decision two is what channel we're going to focus on to get them. I think the direction we go in will depend on you, but you might be surprised by which way we go. Okay. If you think we have a magic wand, what things give you the most heartburn right now? Not being able to. Obviously money. Yeah. But what's the indicator prior to that? Like, is it like if people paid you $200 up front, that would change the economics of the business dramatically. Like, is it simply not getting leads? Like, that's, I just want to understand that part. Yeah. It's more about offsetting some of the upfront costs. This is what I want to solve for, which is I would like to have the most scaled black decision channel we can. That can get, because also you've said you're like, we've spent $7,000 even in a local area. You're not even getting close to tapping. How big is the market overall? Like on a, you know, 10, 20 mile radius. Yeah, it's pretty big up to you million people. Yeah. Right. I mean, like, you're not even close. So, like, I would love to see spend it like $7,000, $10,000 a month on the Facebook side, and then probably another $5,000 or $10,000 a month on PBC, which will have super high intent. I'll have different metrics around it, but we'll get there. For us to solve the problem for good, we just need cash in the first 30 days to be greater than your cost of goods sold and CAC fully loaded. Right. So, do you know what that number is? Like, what's, so let's ignore CAC for a second. I guess we have 50. We can use that as a placeholder or 67. We want to be bullish or bearish. So, 67 to our CAC. And then what's it cost to kind of like on board someone and kind of like get them going? I do that all myself. So, I don't, I mean, if you paid someone and you, and the bin was, you had like fully, fully bake it in because we want to scale past you. Right. Yeah. So, to deliver all the containers for, you know, let's say, like 200 customers, it'd be about $500 to pay someone. So, that's $2, $2.50 together? For a customer. Yeah. So, that's not big. So, when I said, you're going wrong with this word, it's like, okay, if it cost us $70, if we made more than 70 on the first transaction, what you do, what's something like, what's stopping is just that like you can't get more leads and then it just, and then because you're at 20 to 1. Yeah. Right. And you're at least more than 1 to 1 on the front end. So, like, why not, is it just, you just can't, as soon as you spend more, it just goes as your own? Like So, yeah, the issue is that we have fulfillment those months after that we still have to cover. So, like they pay for the quarter in the first month and then we have to pay for fulfillment in months two and three. Uh-huh. Which is completely, it costs roughly, if we get a lot. Give me that number. That would be for fulfillment. Yeah. That's what I'm saying, costing good. So, give me the fully loaded before you get the next payment. Got it. Yeah. It's okay. So, for each customer on, they just surround $14. Our per pickup per month, right? So, it's $14 and you're going to pick it up three times. We have three pickups per week. Yep. Wait, hold on. It's 14, it's 14 hours per month, right? Yes. Okay, 14 hours per month and they're paying quarterly. Yes. So, it's times three, right? So, it's 42 bucks in costs for the first month of delivery. When I say delivery, I mean like fulfillment, right? And your pack is, we'll call it $70. Right. So, if we get upfront cash over, called 120 bucks, you could be good to go. Right. Well, then let's solve for that. Yeah. Okay. Great. No, you're good. I mean, that's where we're here. Okay. Cool. Let's come over. Let's break it down. Let's figure it out. What order would I do this in? I think we need, so I think what we're going to do is I think we're going to go avatar. I want to get clear on this, because I think that's super important. Two is I actually think we're going to go off for next. We have to figure out like how we're going to, you know, do it, you know, facilitate transaction. And then once we know that, then we can do acquisition channel. And then I think we're going to go ads. And then we're going to go sales process. We'll do some funnel, funnel, I think that's it. I think that's it. I think it's all we need to do. You're at that in that stage where like I like having one avatar, one channel, one product, up to a million dollars or more. Right. And you're kind of, you're right there. Right. And so you have two avatars and like five channels. Pretty much. Right. Yeah. And so you feel spread then. This is me just hearing you out. And so what I want to solve for is we have to make this decision between HOA and scatter. So if you could just do one, which one would you do? I think HOA is a better opportunity. Okay. I'll tell you, I'll tell you why I don't like either of them. Okay. And then I'll tell you why I like both. Okay. All right. So the reason that I don't like HOA is I never want to have a commoditized service where I get into an auction. Because it's always just going to be rich to the bottom. Now, the reality is that that's not going to change. And so it's like what business are you really at? Right. And so the business that I think you're really honest, the efficiency business. So fundamentally, like if you, if 70% of the market is owned by HOA's and they continue to gobble more, more, you know, more of these houses continue to cloud together, then it's kind of an eventuality, right. That happens. So figuring out the HOA offer, I think, makes sense from a future-proofing perspective. But the strategy of the business has to be geared towards efficiency because it's the only way you're going to beat the other players because I agree I think they're going to commoditize you and I think they're going to make it lowest, lowest bid fundamentally. The reason that I like scatter in the short term is that you can price more aggressively, you can hire gross margins, you can out market, you know, your competition, there's still a decent amount of market sure that's there. But end of acquiring them is super easy. If you just knock on 12 doors and get a sale, so all right, well, how many doors do you knock on? It's like very straightforward. Because like taking into the hypothetical extreme, it's like, okay, what stops me from running an ad, getting 10 guys, getting them into a room, taking a day to have them, you know, to train them. And then all of a sudden, I've got 10 guys doing five or seven sales a day, all along contract with no risk. That sounds relatively appealing. And the nice thing with door to door is that they already naturally have a route, right, which you already know. And so it makes it even more efficient for the business right on the back end. So that's what I like about scatter. But I do think that there's just, you know, long, long term, there's probably some downside risk. Sorry, yeah, there's some risk. The day to away, I just feel like you're going to continue to get squeezed. Yeah, that's the only way. So you're like, okay, well, then which one should I do? You might have had something. Yeah, go for it. I think that the thing with scatter that's even better, too. And the reason I said HOA was not really because of... I like HOAs because I think that the competitor that we have right now that's really aggressive is really going hard scatter and no HOAs. And then a competitor that only does HOAs would recently acquire. It's a people who are unhappy with them, so then it kind of opens it up. But the thing I love about scatter is what you said about pricing. And then also the fact that it's only one weekly collection. So we increase throughput for each truck. So that's the thing I like about it. But in terms of me being one, I guess I'm just thinking about it in a limited sense where I'm like, I'm only one guy. How many doors can I not go out of the day? That's not going to be human. Yeah, so we just... I mean, let's think of that this way. You said when you get to 3,000 doors is when you're like super profitable, right? Or like it becomes more profitable. Yeah, we have. And if we get to 5,000 doors, then you're like, we're going to... Yeah, you're... Yeah. Well, I mean, in my mind, I like to think like, if I had to take this to a natural extreme, and I only had to have one thing be true, because I like to like make a plan on like the fewest need to believe is possible. Like every single new assumption that we introduce, like dramatically decreases the likelihood that it occurs. If I said, all right, do you think it's humanly possible to get 10 people to work on commission to knock these doors and get to, let's say, conservatively 5 a day, right? Now, this guy's going to keep getting better. It's three weeks and he's already doing 7 fine. But like, let's just say they stick to 5 a day. Yeah. That's 50 sales a day. It's 1,500 a month. You're looking at 20,000 doors by the end of the year. That's... Right. And so to me, it's like, okay, well, that overshoots our goal by like, you know, 8x. So there's all these things that you're doing. But if it was like, if only that one thing were true, then what are the other need to believe they're essentially with that? Which is that you can find the houses to do these door knocking on. Do you have the ability to do that? Yeah. Okay, so knowing where it goes, not a problem. And so basically, your ability to solve two things. One is the cash to pay the salespeople that they collect as much as you owe them. And that you can cover the cost of the first, you know, the $42 that we went over earlier. And so like, if the only thing you did was like, you went home and you're like, I'm going to go find 10 dudes and they will be commissioned only. And I will just rejig the offer so that I can get $42 plus what I have to pay them upfront. We don't have to talk to anything else. Yeah. Is the, I mean, like, I can go through like, I can look at the ads and I can tell you what I think could be better. I can tell you why the, which, you know, we can go through some of those things. But fundamentally, like, I just want to be like, here's the ramrod. Like, if only this were true, then what stops you from doing that? Not a ton, which is just the offer and getting the sales guys on. Yeah. And then after that's done, it's like, that's it. Yeah. And then we just , and then we just jam it. And then you just don't let yourself get distracted. Right. I will give you my, my blessing on if you get an inbound HOA, you can close them. But I still would be like, this is our growth strategy. I mean, like, yeah, sure, except for you money provided, it doesn't, there's, it's super operationally efficient. It does take some of your time. Find your the owner you can close those big deals. But by and large, I think that's the plan. Okay. All right. Great. So I think we go scatter. Great. That was decision number one. Yep. Now acquisition channel, you already have 50% coming from door to door. So that gives us that one. Right. So I'm going to hit the sales process in a second. But I think we need to go on offer because this is kind of the big, big unlock of this business. All right. So we have to get, you said you're going to pay them 50, right? Yes. Okay. So here's how I would restructure this. I would say we have to get $42 no matter what period because that's what it costs. That's hard costs. Right. So this is base. Then I got to get the sales guy paid. So I'm just going to put commission here, which we can fill in in a second. So we can kind of backfill that. Okay. We have to get a commission and we have to get the contract. Right. So what I want to do is find something. So do you give them all a new bin or can they get like a do they get like somebody else to spend or like, how's that work? We recycle the bin. So if someone like the three people who canceled them, well, but for the most part, they're new bins. They're new bins. Okay. And we'll finance them over three years. Before I bought them a cash, but then I'm like, okay, I mean, we should probably move onto more cash. You wait, you used to pay for them in cash. Yeah. You finance them. Now I'm advising you. And do the customer. Is that $14 per month including included? Yes. Yes. How much does it cost for a bit? For the set, including freight, it's 116. All right. So it's 116. Okay. Now, so this is bin. What else can you sell up front? Both pick up maybe. But only how many what percentage customers like after that? That's also seasonal. And that's said, no, that's not the yeah. Okay. What else? So I'll tell you, I had this idea. So we talked about the QR code earlier. So what I was thinking about doing was like, you put the just the ugliest massive QR code on there and you just say, hey, if you want to not have this big QR code on there, it's it's an extra five with some. Or if you're cool with it and you're so like, or cool with us advertising the business, you allow us to leave it on. Okay. And I think a lot of people don't give a shit. Yeah. Right. And so all we're going to do though is just tack that onto your existing pricing. So you're so if they say, I don't want the QR code, then they're going to pay $5 more than your existing price. So they're, you know, we bake in a little price increase there. So we get $5 for the QR code. So go buy stickers. They're like not expensive. You know, and just put this massive QR code and put your phone number and but you're like, you've got this, you've got this billboard. It's just sitting out there. What color are the beds? Great. Yeah. I totally want them to be neon orange. I'm that serious. I would like everyone to be like Jesus. What is this company? But they would notice it. Yeah. Right. I mean, that's what you're trying to know. Yeah. You said, wait, did you say that you wanted the branding? You wanted to be on brand with the gray? Yeah. People were like cleaning themselves. They didn't grace clean. It looks you should look at them. They look pretty clean. We have people calling us and like, I've seen it. Wow. It's clean. They're so gray. That's like the perfect. Like, 50 shades. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is this is how we break this is how we solve the business. Right. So like, let's take the time on this. The other stuff is really easy. I'll show you some easy. Like, I can't get into ads. I can't get into the funnel. Like, if we just do this, we win it. Yeah. Okay. So you don't charge them anything for the bill. Right. That's as far as their concern. We do have a separate process through our website. So we at the door, we have that offer that I mentioned. But then when they go to our website, enter in their address and everything in the qualified, they do get charged at $37 initiation fee and then they get charged 35 a month. So we have a little higher price point if they don't take advantage of that. But most people do the door door. And so this 42 is labor, right? Yes. Labor plus truck breaking. Yeah. And dump fees. Okay. Yeah. Plus dump. Okay. Got it. I think our key is actually how we structure this. The bin. So it costs you 116. Is there a way that we could be like like, because what I want to do is you see where I'm going with this, right? Yeah. Because like, if we can get the first transaction to be like $199, you're covered, right? Because you've got like, so if we add this together, we've got 158. So 158 is the true like cost cost, right? Of getting this person set up. Then you have the commission, which is 50. So 208 all in, if we got that, you're like, yeah, right. Something I've been playing around with is maybe doing only doing the three months free. If they pay annually upfront, yeah, totally. And then like downsell to the 89 a quarter with no months free. I like that. Yeah. I like that. Because even the rate is really attractive. But the, I mean, the only negative about that is sometimes they're like, yeah, sure, let's do it. And then they opt out because their car provider matched it. But then the three months free usually is what puts them over the edge because the car provider will not offer the three months free. But out of those that do that, I would say it's only maybe one and eight would really would do three big. Oh, would, would like after we like, okay, it's 89 a quarter and they're like, yeah, actually my car provider matched it. So it's like one and eight people. And most people are just like here. Just take the business. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So if we get, if we get the deal on seven out of eight, who cares? Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah. So if we go, what I'm trying to play with is, so we've got the, what levers do we have, right? So levers that we have this little QR code like, we're going to make your thing look ugly. That's the thing one. Okay. Think two as we have the bin. Think two, we have, think three as we have the commitment, right? Right. Right. These are, this is like what we're, these are our puzzle pieces. Okay. But I want to collect 200. That's what I'm trying to do. Mm-hmm. Okay. So a quarter is 89, right? Yes. Is there any reason that you think anyone's going to block it 99? 89 to 99. A lot of people are paying 105. So it may not get them over the edge. You mean it's not enough savings? Yeah. I hate being low cost. Yeah. Okay. But I think that there's still some people who would definitely convert because like, there's some people I talk to who are being charged like 180 a quarter. Yeah. Which is all varies, you know, depending on if you, if you call them to say, hey, lower my rate. So 80, it's okay. So we got 90, 90 is 180, right? In terms of cash, right? There's going to be some set up fee, right? Which we could say we have a 42 and we also have set up fee, right? So that's another little thing. We're just, we're constructing an offer right now. That's literally what we're doing. Okay. Because you could do three months free, and it's 33 per month, right? You could still do three months free. Yeah. That works fine. Oh, here we go. So we can basically have the QR code be our $5 extra month. And you're at 29, so I could do 35. Okay. Right? We can make it. Yeah. That's fine. So that gets us to $35 per month, right? And so if we did times six, and that's going to be two, is that that's 30 plus 180, so 210. All right. So it's me 210 in cash. And if you commit to six, and you normally just eat this, right? Yeah. So if you commit to six, we'll give you our $116 bin for free. And we'll waive our $49 set up. So can you talk a little bit more about these numbers for you? Yeah. So this, yes. So $35 a month is the price, right? Yeah. But what we're trying to do is get them to prepay for six months. Okay. So that's the main offer. Is you prepay for six, and then that gets you a free bin, and we waive the set up fee. Okay. If you don't prepay for six, you can prepay for three, and we'll give you, actually, we'll just do this. We'll do this. We'll do 12, and we'll step down to six, and then we'll step down to three, which is your current offer. Okay. So 12 months gets you, because what we're looking for here is blended average cash per door. So if you have some people who pay for 20, and even if it's like one out of whatever, one out of five pays for 20, we're still effectively adding 80 bucks per door and cash collected. Okay. So even if the vast majority of people, if everybody took, if four out of five took the your current offer, and then one out of five takes the 400, it's like we're still adding 80 with the existing, whatever, 80 Niners that you're getting right now. So now our actual blended average costs are like 170 a door. Okay. So makes sense? Yeah. Okay. So I think we go times this, now if they're like, I don't want the QR code, then we're like fine. We'll drop it to 30, right? If they don't want this, and times 12 says 360, and we get that up front, which is going to have lower turned anyways. If they say no, I don't want to do that, then we say, because with that, you get free bin and free wave or like free, free setup, right? If they say no, I'll just do six, which would then get us the two, whatever the $200 price point, we can get to, we can finalize the prices in a second, but you get your $200 price. And when you do that, we can't wave the bin, we can wave the setup fee, but we're going to add, we're just, we'll finance this over the duration. So that's where you can get the difference in terms of the, like, it's $35 a month, if you do six months, it's $30 a month, if you do 12 months, and if you're doing just months a month, if you sign up today, I'll let you wave this fee, but you still got to pay three. Okay. How does that feel? Complicated. Yeah. It's complicated because we had to go through everything, but let me, let's clean it up. Okay. We've got to be able to explain to the sales guys. Yeah. So the offer at the door is going to be 12 months. And what price are we going to charge at 12 months? For 12 months. So we're going to do 30. So that's going to be $360. Yep. If they commit to six months, that's going to be at 35. Okay. So that's 210. And I'd say we build by any way, which I build twice a year. And then three months. Do you do ACH? We just incorporated that actually. Okay. Do you have a processing fee? Yeah. So we strive. So it's, you know, you don't charge a processing fee. No. But we, like, I've gotten a bunch of people to switch over, I like offer them a gift card, I think a small gift card to switch over to ACH, but then we don't do a, we'll tell you really a fancy one. So say that you charge the 3%. So this is all these are plus processing. And then if they're like, I don't want to pay the processing fee, it's I have no worries. If you want to give a second form of payment, we'll wave the processing fee. It's just because we have the processing fee just because if the card declines, it just takes us work to go redeem it. And then you get your service interrupt as many of trash sitting around. So it's honestly an everyone's best favorite. It's like honestly, no one ends up paying it. They just give us two forms. Okay. Oh, thanks. So I did actually do that. And when I got the the prices book that you gave at the workshop. And so I kind of messed it up. I did like two things. I did like an annual fee. And then I also mentioned, oh, yeah, we're also doing a credit card fee, which is really, I was too much of me to know many things. Yeah. But I did that and just I was looking into how to add the processing fee and like you have to like go to master card and visa and all that stuff. And is that true or like they're they're saying like you have to legally go to these companies. I don't think you can just charge three percent more. Oh, we can just say, okay. Okay. I can just say this is our fee. Okay. You can charge one of the fees you want. Check with your legal counsel. Okay. Yeah. Right. And then three right now, we'll keep it at we'll keep it at the three month rate, which is going to be 35, right, which is one. Oh, shit. What is that? 30105, right? But we'll still wave the $49.50. Okay. This one wave is which been at fee. I think right. Yes. So this gets the discount. So this gets you the discount and the bin and the fee. So it's like what the like how why is it? So it's like the effective rate here is 3035. And then here it's also 35. But then how are we going to do that? How are we going to work that out? We're close. This is honestly the most important thing of today. Like we know this you go all in on door to door. We can get there by the end of the year exactly in your set. So I just want to like make sure we know this. What else do you think? So what the bin are you saying that they pay the full one 16 up front? I would love that. Okay. But like for this one, I guess because this is not waved with this with this offer. Well, what if so if you didn't have the bin, right? What would their actual rate be? So will you charge people who don't who provide their own? Yeah, the bin is like a few if you I mean depreciating it over it's you know not that appreciation. I mean like well what okay fine you do you appreciate over what three years it would sell to us. They have a 10 year warranty on them. So so 10 years as we appreciate over. So you've had it's like a dollar a month actually a few cents. Yeah. How's it a few cents? Yeah, because over like well 116 months. So you're doing that month wrong? Yeah, it'd be it'd be dolly. It'd be dolly. Well 12 months times 10 is 120. It's $116. So it's 90 whatever cents per month. Okay, so it's a doll. It's a buck. They don't know that you do that though. No. So that's the thing. So I'm like that's like that's that's one sided information. Don't worry. We'll cut most of this thinking time out to figure it out. Yeah, but I want to I think the magic is in this bin. I actually think that that's I think that's where the real leverages. Okay, we just something I've been wrestling with because initially when we were doing it and we didn't have a competitor we were like charge 99. They were like okay fine, but then some people bulked at it and I'd be like okay fine we'll wave it. But most people would pay for it. But now that it's really competitive, they're just like I'm going to go to the other guy who's giving me three months free 89 and I just have to pay for the quarter. Yeah. So it's become a little bit more challenging in that sense. Doesn't mean we can't do it. Yeah, but that has been something I've done in the past. I think most people were I kind of played with 99 and then I went down to 50 and most people were like they didn't really care about 50 as much, but then like when I did because I like so I like I mean to you're currently charging nothing. Yeah, so if we said okay up front we have a $49 bin fee, right? Yeah, you can buy the bin for $49. We know that it doesn't matter, right? We're just adding one. So they'd be like that feels reasonable, right? 49 bucks for the bin and it's $49 initiation. I don't know, I'm just coming to this. Okay, it's $49 initiation and then you have your first quarter which is let's just use your old pricing, 89. So that would get to 190. We still have commissions. Yeah. But this bin isn't a real cost because it's going to cover towards $42 for the quarter. That we're calling it the bin fee, but it's really covering our labor for the first quarter. Right. That's clever. Yeah. And our initiation is actually our commission. Mm hmm. I got you. Yeah. And then our 89 is hopefully emerging. This feels okay. Do you think you can sell this? I think I think people will be relapsed with the extra 49 initiation. Yeah. I think they understand the bin. Well, when we do this. Yeah. Like we can basically, would you think they'd be more comfortable paying 99 bucks for the bin? And they own it. Yeah. It's your bin you keep it forever. Yeah. Unless you cancel, of course, no choice. We can take it back. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think that I'm just like replaying anecdotal experiences. Yeah. I know. And take your time. I'm just worried people would be like, yeah, it's the deal breaker for me. Like, I won't pay that for the bin even if I don't. I just don't want to have to provide it. Yeah, but what percentage? You're right. I think it'd only be like 25% or something. I just always remember the negative, right? Of course. Yeah. The thing is, all the new sales guys coming in aren't going to know anything in terms of like what status quo is. So you're like, here's the deal guys. Like you're going to get paid 50 bucks on each one of these. And you got to, do you got to collect two things? You got to sell them bent. They got to pay their first quarter. That seems pretty straightforward. And we can wave the initiation fee. Yeah. And we still do the three months free with this or now. Yeah. I think you can still do the three months free. Okay. I don't hate that. And do just to clarify for myself. Yeah. So the bin, it's actually theirs now. So they're actually paying for it. Well, it's 2016, right? Yeah. Yeah. So why not? Now, if they cancel before their term, then take the bin back, right? Which gives you another piece of collateral. Yeah. Okay. So all in you with 16 bucks on the bin, who cares? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So I think if you go, you sell the bin, you have this, you have the first three months, right? First quarter. And we're, we're in good shape with that. And this factors, and then you have, you give them one free month the next each of the next quarters. Yeah. And then that means that you're charging them what 60 on Q two, two, three, Q four. Exactly. If 59 need some change. Got it. And so how do we handle situations where they, we're like, I'm not going to buy your bed. So you can provide your own. Okay. And so we just, what is the cost for? Yeah. I mean, you can provide your own if you want. Yeah. Okay. You could, if you wanted to say, if you're not willing to do that, we'll find it's at over three years, but we end up charging at 150. I like that. Yeah. I really like that. Because then it gives you a three-year term. Yep. Okay. And then with the three-year term budget in, like, I don't add in, like a, I don't know, four percent pricing creature here. Okay. I think that's it. Feels doable. Yeah. I still want to get this anchor, though, because we still want to, because somehow it's just like fine, if I could build me once, I don't know. Exactly. Yeah. So it's like started 360. It's like, yes, for the year. Okay. So we're getting close. We're going to do a cleaner, a cleaner next version of this. All right. So, all right. I want to think through real quick. So this is the core offer. Right. We'll clean this up. But it's like 99 bucks for the bin. 89 for the first quarter. You still get your three months free. Mm-hmm. Cool. That's fine. I still want to start higher, because even if we get 20% of people to take, which we totally will, I'm telling you, we're going to, that would be really big for the business. Because if we can get this on the core offer, and then we can add 80 to the average door, then that takes this, so this is 190 at 80, we're at two, we're at 270. Right. Average cash collected per sale. Mm-hmm. You're good. Yeah. You're home free. Mm-hmm. Sexy, right? That's way better than right now. That is way better than right now. That's, that's, that's fax. F-A-F-A, you know, it's fax in a printer. Okay. Okay. Okay. So here's, here's where this gets sexy. Okay. I got it. Okay. So. All right. Okay. I think this is coming together. This is coming together. If someone, if someone paid 360 up front, would you give them the bin for free? I think I do that. Yeah. Okay. Boom. I think we're just going to have two offers. Okay. Keep it super simple. We're going to have 12 months. And with 12 months, they're going to be at $30, right? And they're going to pay 360 in total, but free $99 a bit. So they don't have to, they don't have to pay that. Right. Great. And then the core offer is going to be three months at 30. But they have to pay for the $99 bin. And three months up front. So all in, they're looking at one a, one night, whatever, 189. So now look at that AB offer. Yeah. So would you rather pay 360, pay for the year? I'll give you the bin. It's on me or 189. You just pay the first quarter. But you just got to pay the bin, right? Yeah, I like that. No, we just got hustle. Yeah. The nice thing is that this keeps us super simple. The billable is the same. All we're debating is who gets the free bin and who doesn't. You get the free bin when you commit for the year. Because listen, it costs me money to do this. But if you commit for that period of time, I'll throw it in, right? Like it actually costs us 116. So like, I'll be like, we actually lose a little bit of money in these bets. Okay. Yeah. But if you commit to us, we'll commit to you. Yeah, exactly. And then our breakdown is let's say, now let's look at the math. So let's say 80% take hour, 189 dollar offer. And then 20% take hour, 360 offer equals 72 dollars. And this equals services. Michael Jamie Jamie. Well, it's 19.2 is 270 is $27 off this, which is 162. So we add this together, average per door. And we needed 208. Yeah. And then you're home free. Doable. Yeah. I just never thought about that way. You still get three. You still get three. Like the offers are banging. Yeah. It's like you get three. Like the offer is great because you're given three months free the way. Yeah. So I would. And that way, I think you've got this great feel, right? You say, listen, we're gonna be three months free the right just because you're switching to us. So we're happy to do that. But if you're willing to commit to a whole year, give you the bin. Right. Okay. If you don't want that no worries, we'll get set up. Yeah. Yeah. What are you gonna do? We're gonna do all this money. Yeah. I don't know. All right. So that's that's the that's the play. That's the play. And for folks at home, the reason that that was so important is that we needed to get above $208 because he had a $50 commission that he has to pay. And we knew we had $42 of labor. And we know that he had these bins that he's been basically funding the costs for for customers. Now, to be clear, as of right now, what was the other cost though? There's something else. There's labor, there's commission, and there's something else. No, I think it was just the bins. Oh, so I'm just being greedy. That works. Okay. So then we got, yeah, yeah. Well, I like to have, I like to grow businesses that free if I can. I mean, because I just think there's there's always a way if you just think about hard enough. And so the bins, which right now he's been financing over 10 years for $160. But we add all these things together, we get to 208. And so in a perfectly debt-free cash flow positive way of growing the business, we have to get on average over $208 to break even up front and have really high, really strong cash flow for the business, which has been the biggest constraint for you. So getting above that is the objective. And so what we did was we saw for it by having an anchor on the top that we know 20% of people are going to take. And that contributes an extra $72 door where the core offer is going to be 190, which already solves this. Cool. So that's for everyone back home. Okay. Now let's go back to our handy-dandy. Isn't this fun? It's a lot of fun. Okay. So we have our our new offer, our 360 for 12 or 12 that at 360. And then we have our 3, 1, 8, 9, money. And if you really get wild with that and you're like, you know what? I don't need all the extra cash. So you can pay the guys a hundred bucks a day, a hundred bucks a day. And they'll be willing to sell it. If you're like, you know what? I don't need all the cat. Like I'd rather just get more aggressive on the spend. Yeah. You can get way better guys. If the guys can make, I'll tell you the difference in salesman that you can get at $500 a day, $15,000 a month, almost $200,000 a year, like a different an order of magnitude better salesperson. And the thing is, those guys might be doing like, and that order of magnitude better salesperson might do 10 deals a day. Yeah. Because the guys who really do door to door, they run between doors. Really? A hundred percent. Okay. Because they know it's a numbers game. Yeah. They're like, for every 12 doors are not going. I'm going to get a sale. So if I run, I mean, that's why the UPS guys, like the guys who are commissioned and are really understanding the game, they sprint back and forth. Because you can cover four times the doors, just by walking fast. They cut across the lawn. They don't go on the sidewalk like they're moving. Okay. So we're going scatter. We're going door to doors. Our channel. We have our offer, our 12, our AB offer, which is great. The extra guys get the bin. Awesome. And now we don't even have to have a financing partner. Yeah. And if you want, you can. And just collect the cash. The next thing is let's talk about sales process on how we're going to teach these guys. Okay. Okay. How do you teach your guys right now? What's the sales process? Pretty relaxed. I mean, it's the first guy I've done. So just I just take him door to door show him how I do it. And generally tell him. He just wants the next to you. Pardon me? He's right next to you. Yes, exactly. Okay. Yeah. And then I'll do that for a few times, show him how it works, show him how to get a few sales. And then I watch him do it and let him just kind of go at it and then chime in if I need to. And then eventually just kind of like give him critiques wherever I see. How many doors can he knock a day? I think I think easy like 150. Okay. If you're out there. Yeah. For eight hours. Yeah. So 150 doors, if he's closing, I mean, if he gets to what you're doing, one out of 12, then he's closing more than 10 deals a day, which is chill. Even at 50. That's what I hear on average, like conservatively, you can get 10. Yeah. But most guys get 15. Yeah. So the nice thing with your businesses that you're going to be in person with them. And so there's basically two primary ways that people learn. One is modeling and the other is basically doing it. So children learn through modeling. They watch you do something in the late learning, right? Alternatively, you take up a notch when you give feedback. And so doing role plays like in very real time with them is going to be the fastest way to speed up the loop. Okay. So it's literally just like have the door at your facility or whatever. I mean, you want to you really want to get them in the like in the mechanics of I say this is the door opens. Like it will teach them. Like don't just stand next to them. Like close the door, open the door, close the door, open the door, open the door until they just nail it every time because you know the first five seconds of them opening the doors. Like that's the only shot you really have. And they're making the split second decision. And so it's like you have to drill the opener super hard so they could just say it in their sleep and they say it the right way every time. But they should absolutely be following a script. And for this type of sale, this description, I mean, how long does it take you to do a sale for these? Right. Two minutes. Yeah. Right. So they're not super hard sales. Yeah. And so the sale script is going to be like four questions. Yeah, it's not a lot. Right. And so it's just like cool. Here's our door. Here's our knock. Here's our open. And then question one, question two, close question, overcomes. Like that's it. And so I just drill. Honestly, the drilling through four questions is not going to be tough. Then you're just going to do traditional sales training where you're just going to be like, I have to think about how much you're going to have to check the spouse. Like, oh, I don't have the card that I won on me. Yeah. And when you're when you're collecting, do you have a lot of people, do you have any people who are like, oh, I don't have the card that I want to use on me? So we actually don't collect money at the door. Why? We have a contract that we signed. Okay. I heard that it was, I don't know, I just heard that it was you have to have certain permits to collect money at the door. So then I don't have that permit yet. But they put a credit card number down, right? No. Okay, we're still getting, but what percentage of people who signed contracts don't end up giving you the card? Uh, none of them, really. They are right. If we haven't, I mean, we haven't done the volume we're talking about right now. Yeah. So I'm sure there would be a ton of people. Okay. So you then call them back later. I sent them an invoice. And then if they don't complete it, I'll follow up. And everyone pays. Yeah. What are we doing? We should be selling, we should be selling trash. What are we doing? Well, they need it. Yeah. Well, if it's not a constraint, then I'm not going to mess with it. But I do think you probably tied in the sales process in terms of the training. Yeah. That's absurd. Uh, what you just said, I don't know in terms of compliance for that. So check with an attorney, but I'm I'm pretty sure you can just ask someone to buy something. Okay. I'm like pretty feel confident. Yeah. But, but, but, you know, it hasn't been an issue. And so if you really do collect 100%, it's certainly a less friction, a lower friction sale, but a contract without a payment closet means something. So yeah, you're getting it is great. The fact that you're getting is great. Okay. Let's pull up the ads in the funnel real quick. Okay. So yeah, just go, I'll just go fall. So I add, sorry. Okay. So I think, I think this is fine. I read the copy. I think it, it checks the boxes in terms of a normal offer. Uh, the video ad that I saw, that was your best performer, was unsurprising to me that it was the best performer. Bottom link. There you go. If you're a homeowner and centerville shantilly, clipped into Fairfax, and you want to say hundreds on your trash collection this year, this is for you. My name is Philip, and I'm the owner of Garby's Volga Services, we're a local family owned and operated business in the centerville area. I'm working here to help take 100 trucks. So if you're tired of things like increasing bills every year, crazy prices, unreliable pickouts, and we might be the ones for you to help give you some more consistency, ease of mind and stress for your trash collection. If that sounds good to you, click the link down below so we can give you a quote for trash collection in your area so you can start saving money and stop worrying about your trash collection. It's so cringe. No, it's fun. It was your highest performing ad. The thing is it seemed authentic. Yeah, oh yeah, right. And it also hit the core pieces is like, this is first out. And so I do think you introduced yourself first rather than talking about them. Why? Okay. Like you can, you can, I would probably make it offer driven first pain, pain of like, hey, what you said at the end, like, hey, if you're tired of X, Y, and Z, blah, blah, I'm so and so because it's like leading more with the things that they're interested in. And so basically I would just flip the script on that and then I would record 10 different versions of that with you in different shirts and different backgrounds with the truck with a bin behind you, with a neighbor behind you. Like, I would just do as many variations of that. If I was going to do paid ads, but we're not going to do that because we're doing door to door. I just don't think you need it. I think all of your attention should go to, I need to get 10 guys that are commissioned only that are going to sell this offer. I'm just only focused on that. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. I mean, like, if we only have one thing to be true in order for this business to be profitable, then let's just pick that and then just put all of our effort on that one thing. I mean, fundamentally, it's the idea of leverage. Yeah. It's like, find the one thing that gives you the greatest output. It also has no risk on cash flow for you because they're commissioned only. Yeah. The perfect solution doesn't exist except what it does. That was it. AB offer, 12 month, 3 month, 20% take the 12, 80% take the main, or cash flow positive on both. You don't even need to go into debt for the bins. You get 10 guys closing five deals a day, it's 50 deals a day. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. And then it's way, way easier to close in solar. You can probably get some of those guys. They're just like, it's such a better life to just know you're going to close deals every day, rather than be like knocking doors for five days and closing one or two. Yeah. Like it's a much more, you know, energizing way to live. Yeah. No, for sure. I think my next constraint would be then getting the sales guys. Yeah. Let's talk about that. Yeah. So right now, so I would say if like, you can handle more volume, right? You don't have to really change anything by your structure to handle the volume that you would be getting from these sales guys. I think after a certain point, we wouldn't need to get another truck. We could do with that. Yeah. So to get to your 3000, whatever it was number, how much can you take? If you were full capacity, how many customers can you can you handle? I think we could do 3500. Okay. I mean, 3500. We had a thousand more customers to sell. Yeah. So you guys sell, I mean, in six months, let's call it five months. That's 200 customers at seven customers a day. I mean, you're, you get a second guy doing that right in six months. It could be me. Yeah. Could be you. Yeah. All right. So yes, give me an issue because I mean, do you have the cash to goodbye to the truck? I think I could figure out a way to get one. Okay. Yeah. So the way to do it is I think that you could be given the nature of this job. I would be looking at running like in D-dats slash Craigslist. Yeah. That would just probably be the easiest thing for D-dow. And then you just need to work these like it's a lead funnel, right? And so like if you're not getting people, so it'd be like, like, you have to think about this like as a true ad. So a lot of people will try to like ward people off. It's like, dude, it's an ad. It's the same thing. It's like, you're going to run an ad. You have to have a headline. It has to be appealing. The copy, the body copy has to be interesting, which is like, Hey, you can work four hours or eight hours a day. The guys who work eight hours make this. The guys who work four hours do this instead of the other alternatives you have of like, you have to be able to ask four questions to somebody at the door. Like break it down to what they're going to have to do. It's like if you can memorize four questions, then you could be able to make a six figure or multi six figure per year income as long as you're willing to be in the street. But then damaging admission. It's like, Hey, somehow it's going to be hot. Sometimes it's going to be cold. That's the trade. But if you're somebody who's like, just barely graduated high school, we don't care about your grades. We care about your work intake. Yeah. Like I think that would attract plenty of people. Yeah. And so it's just add, indeed, and those ones already have kind of like applicant funnels that are built into it. And so basically if we're turning off all these extra things that you're spending all this tiny like fragmented time on, this is all you do. Yeah, you go get salespeople. Yeah. And honestly, all you need, you need like two guys just to get this going. Yeah. That's it. That makes a lot of sounds. Yeah. Maybe offer two guys, four questions. That's it. Let's go. Yeah. I've been doing indeed that. And but I haven't been structuring it like that. No, it's exactly. It's been more just like the traditional like corporate. Yeah. But the thing is, you think of who's responding to this. Yeah. Write it to that to the salesman. Right. Because that's who you're trying to attract. Right. Like what are all the things that either hate about your current job or you hit about your current sales job. Both those are the pains. What's the promise? You can make six figures, you know, a year or more. And you can work four or eight hours a day. I'll take you on either. So some guys will work, you know, seven to noon or seven to 11 and then they go to their other job by noon and they work, you know, 12 days because they're providing for family. So this is a great opportunity for you. I'm going to work on that immediately. Yeah. All right. So I'll give you the truth about this. So for a job where someone's coming in commission only, my bar is relatively low because I'd rather give more people the opportunity to take a shot and like prove that they have work ethic rather than they have the skill of interviewing, which is a different skill. I basically would just screen for crazies. No, I'm serious. I just screen for crazies. And because if you're going to do this, you're probably going to get a lot of applications. Definitely don't do one-on-one interviews. You're going to be doing group calls. Okay. So a bunch of people on two minutes to tell me who you are, two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, whatever. And then invite the ones who seem normal to your, you know, your warehouse or whatever, meet them in person, give job offers on the spot until when they can start. Okay. I just don't think you have to ever complicate this. And so it's like, cool what we're going to do is we're going to do a shadow for a week. And then we're going to break you off in twos. And then that's it. Like you're good to go. And the thing is serious, like if you wanted to, like, this is this is me talking about how you aggressively scale sales. Like you need like two guys. So like get on a group call. Talk to a bunch of them. The guy who seems cool and normal and hard working. Invite two or three of those guys out because a bunch of them are going to are going to last right because they just door to door and they're there are some risk there. And so like maybe it's higher five to get one. Okay. Just lower the bar. Like you're not looking for somebody to get your cancer here. You need someone to ask for questions and be able to fill out a four. Yeah, definitely. Because I mean, like I said, me, I'm not like the best salesman in the world, but I can go up there and sell. But you think this is you seem trustworthy. You think so? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So and you're also the business owner. So that I think that's of course. You have stocked our yeah. So with them though, I think what the one thing that I'm looking for is hunger. Yeah. And so I think that'll typically skew to either young single guys who are just like really hungry and like go getters or people who just are about to have like a kid on the way like you are, you're more hungry now than you probably were. Right? Because you're like because you have to be. Yes. It's like you know why married married men with kids make more money than guys who are single without being married and don't have kids. Because they have to. Yeah. That's why they make more money. Yeah. I mean, yeah. So they were they literally choose to make more money because they have no other choice. Yeah. That's definitely how I feel. Yeah. Right. And so you're doing it. So basically like I just look for someone's circumstances of like why do they need this? No. If someone's like hungry, then I'm especially in a job like this. This is so work ethic driven. They're not going to run out of houses. Yeah. For sure. Right. So would you say I should just not do any more door to door and just train the guys? Well, I think you know, I mean, you're going to be doing door to door in the training. Oh yeah. So your sales isn't going to go down. You're just going to have more people so you can duplicate it. Right. Okay. Makes sense. Two words on stone. Yep. Basically as far as I'm concerned, I want you to keep doing door to door. Because if you've got your guy and you've got you, you guys started doing 10, 10 deals a day, just you two. You're at 300. My month. You need in three months or eight, your thousand. Forget everything else. In three months or a thousand. Yeah. Right? But as far as you're concerned, I don't think you should ever do something alone. Okay. So you have this skill set. You should have somebody always watching you so that you're basically you're getting you're getting two words on some right? You're getting you're double dipping on effort. Yeah. So someone's always with you because you're the lead salesperson and they're learning until eventually somebody else is the best salesperson. You pass out. You know, you step back Homer Simpson style into the bushes and then they they slide up and then they become lead trainer. And if you want, you say, Hey, I'll give you 60 bucks a sale instead of 50 because it's a little hard to have somebody else with you. Right. It makes a lot of sense. Easy. Yeah. Cool. I feel like this is it. So let's do a quick recap here. Yeah. Let's do a quick recap and we'll prioritize it. But it's going to be an easy list. Simple, not easy. How about that? Yeah. All right. So make it blue for you, Michael. All right. I know Michael really wanted to lose. All right. So the first thing we're going to do is we made this decision to go scatter as our avatar. All right. So that's decision number one, which we just did instantly. But there we go. Number two is we switched our offer. So we have now an AB offer for offer for three months free. And so offer A is going to be one 89. And then 60 per month after that. And then offer B is 360. Free bit. That's our deal. Yeah. Three. Indeed ads. I'd also hit up your network. You only need a couple, right? Indeed ads into group call. Or you can just honestly invite them all in person if you want. But sometimes people are really crazy. So the two minute, you know, call in person. And then tag along. And roll playing until your eyes bleed. And the nice thing is that basically a document that we should duplicate is the process that we use. And so like the document is like you have the script. They memorize it while you're walking between doors. You're just like your role playing it back and forth. What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? Yeah. Demonstrate. You do it in front of them. Hey, watch me follow the script. Watch me close deals. Now duplicate. You knock. I'll be here. I'll write shotgun. And I'll watch you do it. So you can give immediate feedback. Okay. That's it. And then in terms of I mean shit. What's the what's the outcome of this? The outcome of all of this is that you are cash flow positive and babies have food. It's my case. Yeah. Yeah. To a better. It just feel clear. It does. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Give me instructions and I'll go. That's it. It's all you have to do. And the nice thing is one and two is instant. Yeah. You literally just have to do this. Right. Go higher five more sales guys. I think this is the this is the play. Yeah. I think so too. Doesn't this feel like like the noise in the world like choir? I think I was doing way too much. Of course you were doing way too much. I think I was like you two different avatars and five different episodes of process. Yeah. Yeah. When there's just one that if we just did this well, we can solve the cash flow issue. And we can hit your hit your extra thousand in the next like 90 days. Yeah. It's a quarter. It's nothing. Mm-hmm. Feel good? Thank you. Appreciate it. I told you we'd get through it. Yeah. It's a fill up. I'm rooting for you. If you enjoyed this and you want to see a different business that went from negative to positive in one conversation, check out this conversation with Alexia Mark. He's a legal person who does legal things for musicians so that they can get contracts and incorporate it in whatever musicians do to make money.
